That's it.
I'll tell you what.
The 90 million that killed your parents
I lost everything in one afternoon at the casino
Hahahaha
I will avenge my parents again
Back then, I was under the guise of Shen
The contract signed by them in the name of Qinglan
He will die
Do you have the heart?
Shen Yue, he is your own son
He's the son of shit
If my mother hadn't forced me to get married because she was pregnant
I'm still out there having a good time
So you hated Shen Tianlan since before he was born
3 years ago
Just took advantage of the fact that my parents committed suicide to go to the sea
So what if I was?
I can get the money again
And let Shen Tianlan hold the handle in my hand again
kill two birds with one stone
Then how are you sure?
Shen sounds like he will definitely take the blame for you
The evidence is all in his possession
He's going in now to catch me
Show evidence
Every word you say
I recorded it all
Cloud automatic upload
It's useless for you to grab the phone
It can't be deleted.
Just two sentences to convict me
Little girl, you are too naive
Then add witnesses
Dad?